you
my name is Elizabeth heads I own
Elizabeth heads custom cakes and Joker
Art in New York City this cake here is a
beautiful baroque influenced cake it's
kind of a rococo style with all the
chandelier beating the specialty pillars
we've got damask pattern that's gilded
on there this lattice work here and
there's even a Rosetti painting on the
top this falling blocks blue cake was
for a young hip really avant-garde
Brooklyn couple it's got this falling
blocks optical illusion these beautiful
rich shoes of teal and blue so these
angles square chunky blocky letters on
top very cool this blue cake is festive
it's colorful I love it it's just bright
and cheerful these tears are sitting on
floating actually on beds of sugar
flowers we've got tropical banana
flowers pulled sugar for pro Diaz
kumquats and alstroemeria all very
colorful all vibrant this was a
chocolate cake with a chocolate ganache
and a raspberry jam this wonderful cake
I love because it was just royal and
extravagant and luxurious it took place
at the st. Regis Hotel in New York City
which is a luxurious place to have a
wedding and combines the really rich red
and gold the dividers or pillars between
the tears actually custom-made and they
are fabricated based on an antique
hardware piece that i found an
architectural salvage our house here we
have a very traditional stacked
four-tiered round cake it's got little
accents of beating which echoed the
bride's dress and we've also got these
beautiful bouquets of sugar flowers
we've got roses and hydrangea and all
sorts of things and then we've got these
excellent little magenta butterflies
which are hand-cut advertised paper here
we've got a 40 r square stacked cake
that actually is influenced by
traditional japanese folk design you'll
see some of the patterns each tier has
its own pattern that's
based on traditional origami pattern and
we've topped it with a cast sugar Double
Happiness sign and some matching blue
cherry blossoms this is a 4th year round
traditional cake it's got a white
background with this swag of sugar
flowers and the colors that echoed the
bride's bouquet and her centerpieces we
added a little bit of embroidery on the
surface of the cake to create texture
and we accented the base of the tiers
with edible pearls this was a really
lovely but very traditional couple they
had a golden cake with a vanilla bean
buttercream this was one of my very
favorite projects to create this was for
a Halloween wedding and it was gothic
and macabre it was influenced by the
illustrations of Edward Gorey so we see
on the tears we've got some of his
illustrations right there then on top we
have this corpse bride and she is made
entirely out of sugar she's holding a
noose there's actually a sugar skeleton
scattered around the tears and we've got
these Edward Gorey inspired
illustrations this cake was for an
Indian Couple we had a golden cake with
a chai buttercream we used a lot
traditional Indian henna patterns along
the base i created a sculpted sugar
elephant a little monkey on top and a
blown sugar crane